The type of care that the island should have in picture taken of you and I will try it.
Along?
Yeah.
Let's go.
There we go.
Send it back.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Secretary, before you and I ask you a question regarding your testimony yesterday,
I asked you whether or not yesterday you did not testify as you wanted to have the hearing until you came to the right of the fourth month of the event.
Just use this from dust in your mind as whether you are so stated.
Have you refreshed your recollection and you now tell us that yesterday you did testify that you wanted to hear me the fourth month of the event.
Well, I spend a much more time here than I have to testify to yesterday.
Not much you wanted today but what you wanted yesterday.
But I have a much better testimony.
The first and the second you mentioned you had not.
No, but you had not.
No, but yesterday that you wanted to hear me the fourth month of the event.
I would have looked it up from the state, sir.
You don't remember that now.
I think that I said that nothing about the suspension of hearing but not the investigation.
I think that the Army should have an opportunity to take over the investigation and make progress reports to you.
Well, this is a very simple question.
You remember you were so good about events that occurred six months ago.
It seems you should be able to remember what occurred yesterday.
My question is simply that yesterday did you know Mr. Jackson, if you recall, that you did try to get the hearings of the fourth month of the spend of the suspension of the radio installation.
I looked up to testimony and say, don't you remember some now?
I cannot remember everything that I said.
Well, do you remember that?
If I said a moment ago, I think that I did say something about the fact that you could testify the radio yesterday.
I thought the fire was just today with the truth.
Sure, as far as I know, sorry.
Now, if you know the day, whether or not you want to be hearing the fourth month of the spend, I wanted them to spend it.
Or that the Army could carry out the hearings themselves and make progress reports to your committee and stop the panic that was being created in the mind of the public about what's on a basis that was not justified by the fact.
How did you finally succeed, Mr. Secretary, in getting the hearings from spend?
How did the final success day, the Army's final result today will work to be that ugly as it is.
How did you finally succeed?
I worked for spend it as far as I know.
How did you get the hearings going on?
Are they still going on?
You know about that, I know.
You know about it.
No, no, no, no.
You know the hearing.
Where's the spend it?
The day you were summoned, filed your charges against Mr. Cullen.
Mr. Trey, must help you know that, don't you?
I'll stop you, boy.
Well, I'm not being called at all.
I don't think that has anything to do with it.
I think you will have enough insuffendance since you filed your charges.
Well, now that's the way you got some suspended.
Well, if you were trying to suggest that, I'm trying to suggest that I'm personally responsible for suspension of the hearings, then I'd thank you absolutely incorrect.
Well, now you want them suspended.
Would you be ashamed and personally responsible for having them suspended?
Not that.
I wouldn't be ashamed of having them suspended at all, as long as the Army could take it up and carry it along and report to your committee and resume with you at any time that you want it.
All right, now let's get back to the question.
The answer to you has to find that you wanted the hearings to spend.
I think we were both agreeing in the amount of the hearings that was suspended.
From today that you've made public your charges against my chief counsel, my chief and staff, myself.
There's no question about how I say that.
I've nothing to do with it.
Well, how did it end to spend?
I say, well, nothing to do with it.
How did it end to spend?
You know, in here, well, I said it was suspended then by an action of the committee who had taken up other business.
It's pretty good.
Many things are out there, I think, that they were letting.
Well, they didn't know by the committee.
Do you think the filing of the charges against my chief counsel, my chief and staff, myself, that anything to do with the suspension of the hearing?
I think it's part of your talk and about what my mother was supposed to spend a vital long time ago.
I was talking about the all the hearings and the communist influence of the enemy and so there's no question about their being.
The party members was supposed to spend a long time ago.
They dated for you and filed your charges against my chief counsel, my chief and staff and me.
The day before that, you know, Robert didn't know that we asked for the production of six military personnel.
We had long communist records.
We asked you that day also for the production of information on those who were responsible for the promotion, the honorable discharge and the favorable state-side duty for the First Amendment communists.
You know that as long as Mr. Secretary, the day before your file of charges, the government came in and told us there was suspended long time ago.
Well, I think if anything has been suspended, it must have been by accident.
Now, this committee, I don't have any right to act with it, committee.
Mr. Speaker.
Do you want to tell us, to the end, that you feel that the filing of your charges have nothing to do with the suspension of our hearing on how he was in full faith in the military?
I don't think that the Army's man served to sonnet of Potter's Lure can stop the work of the Congress of the United States. I certainly hope it can.
You don't answer my question, would you?
Would you answer the question?
May I have the porter for you to question me?
Please don't remember.
Time out for porter over the question.
I don't know if it's worth it.
Do you want to tell us, to the end, that's it?
Oh, but you feel you want to file a quick file of charges that you feel safe from the bad news?
I don't know if it's just so safe to tell us where it is.
I'll spare my men, spare my men.
I'm going to answer the chair or you answer the question.
Well, I think you'll be what you will to answer.
I'll make a quick answer that I gave, but you think that's not a problem?
Time out.
The file I leave the same question you had previously and the answer is that the secretary gave.
What are you doing in this term, my man?
I want to point out that the answer is not responsible, my man.
I'm going to ask the chair to order the secretary to answer the question.
I'll give you the question and the answer.
Question, Mr. Davis, do you want to file us to very early?
Like, to claim that file is charged, that's not good.
The suspension of our hearing is on top of the step-to-function.
In the military, I don't think that the audience passes the sound of the letter.
It's about the words of the father, so it's about the terms of our hearing.
When you answer the question, not like that, it's an answer.
I'm going to ask the chair if you order the secretary to answer.
My question is very simple.
I'm going to give you the secretary back in time now.
At least day-day question and then get an answer.
I'm going to start with a real quick answer.
First, we will do you feel,
that the filing of the charges against my chief counsel,
my chief staff, and against me, had anything at all to do.
We're holding out for suspending the hearings on how much do you feel,
in your department.
Hearing is what's happening going on up until the day you file those charges.
That's a simple question, but I'll be sure to be able to answer.
I turn it on the carpet.
I repeat, I just do not believe that our answer to Senator Potter's letter
that stops the word for the Congress of the United States,
or it's a committee, so I just don't believe that.
The other way you answer is that you don't think that the filing of the charges
and anything you're holding at the work of the committee.
I don't think that's part answered of the letter of Senator Potter,
and I'll let this possible for staff of the work of us to be able to do the Congress.
That's the other one on this here.
You refer, you bring Senator Potter,
what are you going to do, a little more on it?
All right, you bring Senator Potter into this constantly.
You would think that Senator Potter is instigated this.
Will you tell us now whether or not Senator Potter's letter was not to resolve?
Constantly leave the stories from the Pentagon,
the effect that the highway forks, the prior to that,
you personally, Mr. Secretary, and Mr. Adam,
contact a number of senators, told them you had such a report,
and that also you, the Mr. Adam, had told me,
throughout that I've indicated, let's put it back.
So Mr. Wells, please.
I think the Secretary is intelligent enough to listen to this,
without your whispering easier.
I agree.
I'll leave the position, I'll get through with my question.
Did you have any more remarks to me, sir?
May the remarks I'd like to answer it.
Mr. Report, if you'd be the last part of my question, Mr. Stevenson, please.
Do the last two words, I can explain the question.
Mr. Adam, I also agree with Mr. Adam, forks, I'll leave.
Right, I'll give you a suggestion, that's the best way for you.
There's no words.
Our hearings were followed up, using your words of suspended,
that there would be issue of the report, attacking my chief counsel,
a report which he claimed would be unwrapping to the committee.
You knew all that, didn't you?
I'm sorry that I am not as worried as you give me quite a fort on my part.
I think that that is such a long placement with a question on the end of it.
I'll have a lot of a read.
Well, let's break it up, Mr. President.
We have a short time.
I have a question.
Mr. Secretary, do you think the rest of the committee let me read this?
Mr. Chairman, I think maybe the Secretary's objection as well,
taken up with a very long question.
I think it should be broken up so we can take a piece of this.
Now, before Mr. Robert wrote you an answer to this report,
is it correct that the papers carrying stories of the effect of your report
were not available to you at all?
And Mr. Robert actually only wrote you,
and certainly, you would have known that your report was going to make you make public.
He thought of the member of this committee.
He should have the consideration of receiving a copy of that report
and that Mr. Robert did not originally.
He recrushed for any report about my chief counsel, Mr. Carth.
I thought I'd not have sent out a part of the original idea of the letter.
Oh, no, you understand the question, Bob.
Well, then you asked whether a son of the potter in effect didn't you ask whether or not he wrote the letter
under his own power because he's asked to.
I know what the original idea could be pointing at the potter.
Can we take time off now, Mr. Chairman?
Time off, Mr. President.
Uh, question.
For Mr. Robert wrote you a last report,
is it correct that the papers carry stories of the effect of your report
was available in your office, but the father actually thought of wrote you and told you
that as long as the report was done to be like public,
he thought of the cover of this committee.
He should have the consideration of receiving a copy of the report,
and if the father did not originally write to you,
it was wrong to report.
So I'm not paying that for the rest of the talk.
First of all, uh, Senator Potter didn't write me as far as I know.
He wrote the secretary of the family.
And I don't have the diary called his letter, which I've seen.
It was any reference to that, so any report I think he has given questions.
So the effect of, uh, had any supplemental treatment,
then extended his David Chien, and if so, who was responsible?
Mr. Chairman, please.
Mr. Chairman, I'm your elected committee chairman, Mr. Potter.
And the party has a board.
And if you like the map in the middle of the Moselaw,
it's not a unit in the play.
Mr. Potter, if I was trying to clear out the record,
and I'm just thinking on fair use and make it clear that you were the moving force
in the original issue of the report,
because we don't know if this report has been leaked to Newspaper and their possession.
And the fire we got, the fire was not just a mechanism,
it was a deal of those technical practice,
it was a question of how it could be used to get a deal.
And the hearing is just a bit easier than I would have been to deal with any minor work
or lose its load to the parts of the point where I need to be.
My point of order is, in order to verify, uh, uh, this is the President's statement,
my letter to Secretary of Defense Charles Wilkins,
was taped upon report that I had,
and I think that I had just guessed it, or lasted.
A more open secret that exists on the hill,
that it was part that it had been,
and that the fighting to that report has been public from the point.
Now, I tell you, as a member of the committee,
that the committee should have the benefit of the report,
so the week would take whatever action we need nothing to do.
And the essence of my writing the letter to Secretary of Defense Wilkins,
and I would say you lie the report now.
Thank you for that very kind of statement,
and to share to you the presence of the audience,
and to your name has been standing around in this project now, kind of a question.
I mean, I say that I think the Summary of Modern Elections is particularly proper.
The one that should have been written,
I just want to make it clear here that from the Secretary of Defense talks about,
an answer in regards to Mr. Potter's letter,
that you are not giving us the facts,
you know the Secretary of Defense was out and available long before that function.
What was this?
Did you know I'm a part behind you?
I'm not afraid of the lie that I've stated anything here.
There's not the facts to follow, I know.
All right, the most phenomenally specific question.
Did you not, Bob?
Did you not personally tell senators that you had available a report?
On my chief counsel, before Senator Potter wrote you that letter,
I visited the members of your committee on a democratic in connection with the channels with their case.
And that's what I talked to the members of your committee about.
You've heard my question. The question was, did you not tell?
Remember and put it out.
I'm going to give you a minute.
One, sir.
And again, the yesterday, and we'll go out and do it.
So really again, the counsel has no question.
The chair, again now, is my two.
We've been with the Secretary a point which I think is a tremendous importance that the members of this committee are going to face through the full responsibility
as we interrogate other witnesses and there's me, Professor Jamman,
Mr. Ismael Carp, about their fight in this country.
Collecting my longness, I try to bring the interrogation up to date, please Mr. Steven.
I'm trying to break down and segregate with the guidance of each of the individuals who have now been charged his fight in these cases.
In these kinds of activities which you elect, if the chair understands it correctly as of now,
you speak that you have no specific charge of the dual-private nature of your own personal knowledge against Mr. Carp.
So in a respectful, reoccurable, second meeting, knowing respect for this country, Mr. Steven,
if you have other, if you have charge, you can make a gift to Mr. Carp.
We're hopefully without a doubt you can speak with you as it was, and if I think you should make a note,
I will give you that number maybe if you hold the term out.
You're making a note.
Well, Senator, all of a discussion in so far as I'm concerned,
this bacon-priced, in regards to the matter of Mr. Carp, has been related to the meeting of October 2nd,
and that date you will find run through and through his record, because that's what we've been talking about.
Very well, I, as I said, for you, we'll go to that.
There will be plenty of evidence in respect for Mr. Carp, with the happening from October 2nd.
That night, after all the evidence of evidence that you're in, then I will feel that that would be withdrawn.
Well, I will take them up then, date by date to check me some years to you.
Your disclaimer, and then your child begins Mr. Carp, and now that you've taken into your experiences
about over seconds, that will, by disclaimer, was with respect to the October 2nd date, best of all.
Now, I find in your statements of specifications of the mentions of Mr. Carp,
and since you now indicate that you do have charges to make against you,
and I will know that you are easy to be done already, or the patient-man activation is a guilty forgiveness,
and I simply want to fight.
I shall hope that there are other points in your specifications, where you make a statement.
I ask the council to be worthy to check.
We have the attention of the council.
I ask you to check, I'm doing this very clearly, I've been on this from the new Gary Carp,
your special vacation before you leave.
I'm sure that I mentioned every time that Mr. Carp has been mentioned on the dispute.
The next one that I think I see is one of the more important things.
Your special vacation number eight, Mr. Stevens.
On the route of October 6, 1950, Senator McCarty, Mr. Cohn and Mr. Carp,
sought to induce and persuade Secretary Thieu and Mr. Adams, and would not consider Mr. Adams now,
sought to persuade Secretary Thieu, committee to serve, to arrange for the assignment to pass a child in the road,
to study and be whatever.
If any, you'll feel time is decreasing, you'll know the point.
Textals, I'm not repeating, by the kid Mr. Carp, you know that you know that he's your gunner.
So Mr. Carp is a part of the group, and was very talk about the thing now.
I don't, if I can't sit here and tell you precisely whatever you want to say,
and if you may have particular eyes to reform a post on that,
but Mr. Carp is a part of that, meaning, not part of that.
I mean, he told Mr. Carp, a new ally, and the discommittedly served him,
and this engage is his counsel, because he didn't talk about activities.
Well, perhaps, I'll just take him a chair, I'll just tell him more about taking Mr. B. there.
Perhaps, I'll make the chairman, I'm a federal pilot.
I will turn to the memo I own from Mike Carp to Senator McCarty,
stated the final nine, but Senator Jackson referred to a pilot, though.
That would not be hoping for him, but to be more like his helpful to this exposure,
but he quoted from that memo, and I'm not going to put the amount of opinion about it, not show it.
So if you need any evidence of why I cannot, I would draw my car from biggest pursuiting,
and so all the evidence to them, I'll just go to one vent.
All right, you now will take it.
Including the impact of activities Mr. Carp was the fact that he made a decision,
and he remembered that, and he went to jail in New York, and he was under arrest.
I don't know what this is, but true copy or not, but for all that, we all have a pilot tuning earlier,
for the sake of being here, you can tell the challenges, and we'll accept this, too.
All right, I was the fact that November 6th, the spot on that rotation, did he do it with Jim Carp?
Did he do anything?
Senator, I would like to ask the writer, if I may, to think that one over in the same way
that I thought over the October 2nd meeting, certain years ago, I'd like to do that.
You're light of all that, and you may respond.
If you're more and more and more undiluted to that question, now you have the same writer's connection
to the next question, is the very very special, his specification of the test,
on November 11, 1953, Mr. Carp, I beg your pardon, Mr. Joe, the General Ryan,
you couldn't be frightened by that.
Yes.
November 16 brings you in, Mr. Carp, specification number 12.
On November 16, 1953, Mr. Carp, we knew the test, that I decided in paragraph 11 about,
this time directing Jim the Secretary's team, after that left charge, it was to Carp,
Mr. Jim, by the conclusion, that I was about to arrive that tomorrow.
Thank you.
Mr. Counsel, either others, yes.
November 17, specification number 13, the chair has the floor of the wind of rain.
I just couldn't hear that, my offense, I'm sorry.
He said he would carry the particular air within the morning.
Secretary, good for you, sir.
Yes.
Specification number 13.
On November 17, 1953, Senator McCarthy, Mr. Carp, made known the Secretary's team,
the importance attached by them to price of signs, military equipment, and thereby, by anyone doing a difference.
Infants indicated that their plans for continuing full investigation of the military installation
and for the monsoon of New Jersey were related to the importance attached by them to price of signs, military equipment.
I'm not a decision to Mr. Carp, directly from by individual and by infants, that you consider to be a proper kind of pilot though.
In the same way, just by all of these special laws.
Mr. Mayor, may I have a question?
All right, very important one of the words.
You're first meeting, I think, very able to question the Secretary about events, which he must have told us,
information regarding the government has been given to Council before they made these special charges in Spine Car.
I just personally wouldn't.
I was already misremembering, was made to charge.
Certainly in the hour until I can't tell you the night.
I'll go back and talk to those with Council and decide what I remember the more morning.
I just don't think we can get any more information about that.
I'm sure he is that we can get somewhere by cross-examination, because the Secretary's team will be subjected to cross-examination,
and we challenge the one particularized in the money.
Mr. Chair, may I ask for a minute?
May I ask?
Will that be shared by the air from this witness?
For very not as a tonight, he has no recognition of any events.
I would say I have no recollection, but I'd like to thank it over and have a chance to request by amendment,
because I've come about earlier with the number of questions that I've already been asked, and the amount of trust upon I've done,
if that's the best time of mine, where you have to sit down and evaluate the concentrate on a given point.
That's what I'd like to do on this.
Mr. Chair, would you turn it out?
Mr. Chair, one move for the last may I make the observation of this time that the questions suggested by Senator McCarthy to use the air
to this time may be asked by Senator McCarthy, where is Paul Olieck in a few minutes?
Yes, I don't even know.
I've been asked the other questions, I'm trying to follow lines in the Washington River.
Then there's only a constant health ten minutes, only a few seconds.
Mr. Chair, may I ask that the vote of Dr. Derella and the one who will hand that being in the vote,
and I don't want them to vote.
I don't want them to vote for Chair on that, so I will not have an opportunity to interrogate Mr. Stevens tonight.
I feel the way that the Chair has done, what time is it now for?
They're not being brought for.
I'm here at five minutes.
I'm here at nine minutes.
The Chair has done it.
That's all right.
I'll continue that.
The Chair has done it.
I'll keep on your life.
I'll explain to you from this witness.
When we look back, he says, now he has no right to actually be seriously charged in doing what makes him a perfect guy.
He's been working for the Senate for the Senate.
Whether or not he has a right to actually ask them, they may be working for a while, they're arrested.
If not, clearly any questions come from him.
Mr. Chair, may I ask that you please begin?
The question raised by the Senate's rhetoric is clearly argued by the Senate,
and goes to the links of the testimony of the Secretary Kay,
and not to the question of Mr. Smith's ability.
It's a matter of argument.
I'm here.
I do not thank you for the public.
My Lord.
Chair, I will remove the microphone of work.
You and the other just to find and find out where he's on, then.
And I believe the gentleman that is calling.
Just to tell you why, if any specific charges were being made against Mr. Carter,
but if he seems as a result, he's on personal arms.
In just as Mr. Carter has seen that we must have before it, something specific.
It's very difficult to deal with the general opinion that does not work in condemning anybody,
and I'm sure that Mr. Smith is in the first place to say,
if he has nothing specific to all, he does not allow it to be done in the general office.
That's certain of Clark.
And I shall put our entire order to the time to make the reflections of you next.
I would like to say one other thing.
I have tried my best to get from you, a detailed Secretary of the M. Plata Condoms.
Both of those Sergeant McClubney that you were at, and Mr. Cohn, as you were about that,
broken down in both issues, incendiary into two parts.
The one, the pilot that took place from the standpoint of each of them,
tried to be an induction of private time, and certainly the pilot took place out.
I think he said that you would like to have an opportunity to replace your one-way on that,
as President was given the chairman of our request that you do that during the night,
and come prepared in the morning.
You present us some answers to some of the general opinion, and you will.
Is that available?
I'm trying very hard to do that. That's what the chairman is.
You know now he's got to do what I was trying to do with him.
Yes sir, and we can have people in one way, his specific charge,
as you make against each other's responsibility, involved on the other side of the country.
I'm not sending the guy to the final party.
I'm sending chairman to the executive.
A pilot of our staff is trying to have a little call full in two or three minutes,
and I assume that we're going to adjourn within that time,
and as much as it's about 4.30, we'll be all ready to adjourn,
and if all on, he's ranking the colleague that will keep it in balance,
and that we'd be set up to that time.
The year before, I was at a certain time, and the chairman of those federal heavy words about pilot meetings.
I was chairman of the state connection I do hold,
that the Army will have a statement of explanation available tomorrow with reference
to my request on Fourth Moments.
If that's possible, it's an odd act going to be unreasonable,
but I do think it's from material to this matter.
Before the committee, that it would be in the interest of the committee getting the facts
to have that information available tomorrow with all of our,
we'll have it's front of the Jackson.
There will allow us any other statements that the secretary should be supplying
to members of the committee so that we'll try to get through with him as we can tomorrow.
Check now, Senator Metzon.
Check today, if you don't have enough work to do tonight,
I wish you a gift for me.
And for the committee, the total number of man hours that have been consumed in this effort,
as you all age, for that rental treatment for Mr. Sean.
I'm serious. I'm serious.
I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm serious about too.
I'll see you later.
Make any up for me to approach you else.
Sure likes to see people look after you and stay serious.
And I think that's what we're trying to do.
That's been great. Thank you.
We'll reach out until 10.30 tomorrow morning.